[Imaging Uploader] Mention in README that LORIS-MRI is required (#6183)
aces/Loris: modules/imaging_uploader/README.md

The imaging uploader has the following configurations that affect its usage:

### LORIS-MRI

> The LORIS instance must be configured to interface with LORIS-MRI. Please visit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The imaging insertion pipelines and libraries in the Loris-MRI repo must be installed, configured, and tested before imaging data can be loaded into LORIS via this module. Please visit
```
